[Music]
ten popular riddles that will trick your
friends just how much do you love
riddles
a lot then this video is exactly what
you need it's full of murders mysteries
and puzzles just one warning before you
start only 10% of people manage to solve
all ten riddles after each riddle you'll
have 15 seconds to figure out the answer
are you up for the challenge then hit
the subscribe button and ring the
notification bell this way you'll never
miss any new riddles or exciting videos
that appear on the bright side of life
several times a day number one a
criminal escapes a criminal was kept in
a tower that was a hundred and fifty
feet high from his accomplice he got a
pair of scissors and a rope
unfortunately the rope was just 75 feet
long despite this the next day the
prison authorities discovered that the
criminal had escaped it's known for sure
that he cut his rope in the middle how
did the criminal managed to escape take
talk you're 15 seconds have started use
this time well
the criminal indeed cut the rope in the
middle
however he cut it not a cross but along
then he tied the two parts of the rope
together and safely got down to the
ground number two an accident or a
murder Brian and his new wife and
decided to go on a honeymoon to the
mountains
Brian bought them round-trip tickets and
they set off on their journey one day
when the couple was hiking they argued
and accidentally lost her footing and
fell to her death
Brian returned home alone there he told
the police what had happened to his wife
after that the detective immediately
arrested him on suspicion of the murder
how so you have 15 seconds to crack this
puzzle
[Music]
well don't you know that all accidents
have to be reported immediately to the
local police
Brian informed the police only after he
returned home number three the door to
freedom a man was kidnapped and held
hostage he was trapped in a basement
until the kidnapper got the ransom but
even then the criminal was unwilling to
let the victim go despite this he
offered the man a chance to win his
freedom in the basement three doors led
outside behind the first door there was
a jungle with dangerous animals lurking
behind the trees behind the second door
there was a giant dinosaur breathing
fire and behind the third door there was
a lake with water so cold that nobody
could spend even a minute in it which
door should the man choose to survive
fifteen seconds to figure out the answer
come on by now you should know these two
things first of all dinos didn't breathe
fire
that's what dragons do secondly
dinosaurs died out many millions of
years ago so the man should choose door
number two number four who is the
murderer Tom was killed at 10 p.m. on a
Friday in the fall a police officer
questioned four suspects about what they
were doing at that time and got the
following answers Adam was choosing his
outfit for a date daniel was getting
ready for a party at his place
sophia was relaxing by doing yoga before
her night shift at work Jake was
watching birds in the park after the
interview the main suspect was arrested
but who was it you have 15 seconds to
figure it out if you need more time
don't feel shy pause the video
[Music]
Jake was arrested it's too dark to see
birds outside at 10:00 p.m. in the fall
number five a horrible discovery when a
husband came home he knew it was late
his wife wasn't anywhere to be seen
the man undressed and went to bed but he
had difficulties falling asleep a car
passed by the window and its lights
illuminated the clock on the wall the
man saw that it was 11:15 p.m. then he
looked under the bed and found his wife
lying there dead why did the man decide
to sneak a peek under the bed will you
manage to understand his reasons in just
15 seconds when the light illuminated
the clock the man noticed that it had
stopped but he could still hear ticking
it was the watch on his wife's hand
number 6 a dead goalkeeper
just two days remains before the final
of the World Cup the goalkeeper of one
of the teams was found dead on the field
there were three suspects Michael
Ethan and John the police interviewed
the three of them and got the following
answers when the goalkeeper was killed
Michael was giving his autograph to some
pretty girls Ethan had sprained his
ankle and was getting a massage
John was taking the shower before the
training session who is the lying
murderer you have even less time than
the police to figure it out the murderer
is John it doesn't make any sense to
take a shower
before a training session number seven a
haunted house on the outskirts of a town
there was a haunted house a group of
friends decided to check out if the
house lived up to its reputation they
went there at night but as soon as they
reached their destination
one of the friends refused to go inside
and he tried to stop the others but they
just laughed at him and went inside
leaving him behind there were terrible
crashing sounds from the house and then
everything went still the guy who stayed
outside never saw his friends again how
did the men understand that there was
something seriously wrong with the house
do you know the answer already or do you
need to mull it over in any case you
have 15 seconds to do so
the guy who stayed behind was very
attentive he noticed that there were
lots of footprints leading toward the
house but none going away number 8 a
vampire in the bathroom one beautiful
sunny morning
a vampire woke up pretty early and went
to the bathroom to shape he was in the
middle of the process when he saw in the
mirror that he'd cut himself he had to
go and look for his first aid kit what's
wrong with this story where shall we
start
vampires reflections don't show up in
mirrors
[Music]
number nine a brainy smuggler a
detective suspected a man of being a
gold smuggler so he organized an ambush
at the airport as soon as the man got to
customs he was stopped he had only one
suitcase
what it was open the authorities only
found a few personal belongings the
detective had to let the man go however
as soon as the man took his suitcase and
headed for the exit
the detective realized that the man was
carrying gold can you figure it out as
quickly as a detective dead since they
were just a few things in the suitcase
the man could carry with these however
he used both hands to deal with his
luggage this means that there was gold
hidden somewhere inside number 10
where's the robber there are three
neighbors who live in houses that are
situated very close to each other
the police know for sure that one of the
neighbors committed a robbery it
happened half an hour ago but all the
men insist they were at home when the
robbery took place which of them is life
remember that you have just 15 seconds
to discover who the robber is the
countdown is starting now
the robber is the man who lives in the
house on the left as you can see the
ground under the green and purple cars
is dry at the same time there's a puddle
under the red car
this means that its owner arrives on
fairly recently
how many riddles did you solve which
once seemed the toughest tell us in the
comments below if you solved at least
five riddles press the like button and
remember to subscribe to our Channel
life is more fun in the bright side